Add label filters (#781)
kubearchive/kubearchive: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/reference/api.adoc

* `continue`: token to access the next page of the pagination. Retrieve it at `.metadata.continue`
of the returned `List` resource. An empty string if there are no more pages remaining.
* `labelSelector`: allows filtering resources based on label filtering.

=== Label Selector

It implements the
link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/[same filters available in the Kubernetes API]:

Existence::
    `labelSelector=wantedLabelKey`
Not existence::
    `labelSelector=!unwantedLabelKey` or `labelSelector=%21unwantedLabelKey` with URL encoding
 Equality::
    `labelSelector=labelKey=labelValue` or `labelSelector=labelKey%3DlabelValue` with URL encoding
Inequality::
    `labelSelector=labelKey!=unwantedLabelValue` or `labelSelector=labelKey%21%3DlabelValue`
    with URL encoding
Set based::
    `labelSelector=labelKey in (value1, value2)` or `labelSelector=labelKey+in+%28value1,+value2%29`
    with URL encoding
Set not based::
    `labelSelector=labelKey notin (value1, value2)` or `labelSelector=labelKey+notin+%28value1,+value2%29`
    with URL encoding

[NOTE]
====

> The different label's selector can be combined based on a logical AND by separating them with a comma.
> 
> The retrieval of the pods in the `default` namespace compliant with the label selector
> `app=kubearchive, env in (stage, dev), release!=stable`
> is:
> 
> [source,text]
> ----
> /api/v1/namespaces/default/pods?labelSelector=app%3Dkubearchive%2C+env+in+%28stage%2C+dev%29%2C+release%21%3Dstable
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Label selectors can be combined based on a logical AND by separating them with a comma.

For example to retrieve pods in the `default` namespace with the following label selector:

`app=kubearchive, env in (stage, dev), release!=stable`

The API call is:

[source,text]
----
/api/v1/namespaces/default/pods?labelSelector=app%3Dkubearchive%2C+env+in+%28stage%2C+dev%29%2C+release%21%3Dstable
----
```
